Updated NextVersion.md to include AppUI ViewSelector enhancements (#5276)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/changehistory/NextVersion.md

 UiFramework.childWindowManager.closeChildWindow | UiFramework.childWindows.close
 UiFramework.backstageManager | UiFramework.backstage

### ViewSelector Enhancements

> Search functionality has been added to the `ViewSelector` component, allowing for additional ease when navigating between iModel views. Search functionality is optional and enabled by default. To disable search functionality, set the `searchBox` property of `ViewSelector` to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search functionality has been added to the [ViewSelector]($appui-react) component, allowing for additional ease when navigating between iModel views. Search functionality is optional and enabled by default. To disable search functionality, set the [ViewSelector.searchBox]($appui-react) to `false`.
```

Reviewer: Consider using doc links so people can quickly jump to more information on the doc site.

Reviewer: I guess by "searchBox property of ViewSelector" you must have meant ViewSelectorProps, right?

Author: Yes, that is correct

> Search functionality has been added to the [ViewSelector]($appui-react) component, allowing for additional ease when navigating between iModel views. Search functionality is optional and enabled by default. To disable search functionality, set the [ViewSelector.searchBox]($appui-react) to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search functionality has been added to the [ViewSelector]($appui-react) component, allowing for additional ease when navigating between iModel views. Search functionality is optional and enabled by default. To disable search functionality, set the [ViewSelectorProps.searchBox]($appui-react) to `false`.
```
